Accidental Drug Related Deaths
Background : This dataset consisted of a listing of each accidental death 
associated with drug overdose in Connecticut from 2012 to June 2017. 
It contains information such as the death case number, date, sex, race, age,
residence of the deceased, where they died, the location and injury place 
and the different types of drugs that caused the deaths. 
All deaths that occurred were accidental. 

Dashboard 1: Here I looked at the demographics of the accidental drug related
deaths by looking at how many deaths according to the years, how many deaths
occurred for each gender, how many deaths there were per race and how many deaths
occurred according to each age group.

Conclusion: As the years increased from 2012 – 2017, more accidental drug related deaths occurred.
There were 3 times more male that had accidental deaths than females.
Most deaths occurred were among white and Hispanic whites, followed by Blacks and Hispanic blacks.
Most deaths occurred between the ages of 26 – 35 and 43 – 54.

Dashboard 2: Origin of death - I looked at how many deaths there were in each resident country
and death county to determine how many deaths there were of people who lived
and died in the same county. I then looked at the places that had the most injuries and the location
of death to determine how many deaths took place at the place of injury. 

Conclusion: The most deaths that occurred were among people that resided in Hartford, New Haven and Fairfield.
Most deaths that occurred were also in Hartford, New Haven and Fairfield.
The place that had the highest number of injuries occurred in the deceased’s residence.
Most deaths occurred in the deceased’s residence, followed by the hospital and lastly somewhere else. 

Dashboard 3: Which drug contributed to the most deaths? There were a lot of drugs, therefore I picked the 
3 most common drugs and found that they were the 3 drugs that caused the most deaths. I then wanted to see 
how many deaths occurred for each drug according to the race, death county and location. 

Conclusion: Most deaths were caused by Heroin, followed by Fentanyl and then Cocaine.
Most Deaths according to each race were also because of Heroin first, followed by Fentanyl and then Cocaine. 
Most Deaths according to each death county were also because of Heroin first, followed by Fentanyl and then Cocaine.
And lastly, the most deaths according to each drug happened at the residence, then the hospital and the least of the 
deaths occurred somewhere else.


